README.md, before:

iSpeechPlugin
=============

This plugin makes possible to use iSpeech library in phonegap iOS projects, so you can use Text To Speech and Speech Recognition


Installation:
============

cordova plugin add https://github.com/jcesarmobile/iSpeechPlugin.git


Usage:
=====

First of all you have to init the plugin and provide an API key, register on iSpeech web to get one https://www.ispeech.org/developers
You can use the demo key "developerdemokeydeveloperdemokey", but it adds an undesired locution

var key = "developerdemokeydeveloperdemokey";
window.iSpeech.init(key);


Text to Speech:

window.iSpeech.speak(speakPluginResultHandler,nativePluginErrorHandler,"some text");


Speech Recognition:

Right now it only recognize up to 10 seconds and only return a value with a confidence greater than 0.3, this values can't be configured from javascript, you should edit iSpeech.m source code to change it. The same for the locale used to recognize.

window.iSpeech.recognize(recognizePluginResultHandler,nativePluginErrorHandler);

If everything was ok you will get the recognized string on the recognizePluginResultHandler


There is a full working project example on the repository

Commit message:

Fix iOS 10 crash due to missing permission usage description

README.md, after:

iSpeechPlugin
=============

This plugin makes possible to use iSpeech library in phonegap iOS projects, so you can use Text To Speech and Speech Recognition


Installation:
============

cordova plugin add https://github.com/jcesarmobile/iSpeechPlugin.git

Since iOS 10 it's mandatory to add a `NSMicrophoneUsageDescription` in the info.plist to access the microphone.


To add this entry you can pass the `MICROPHONE_USAGE_DESCRIPTION` variable on plugin install.


Example:

`cordova plugin add https://github.com/macdonst/SpeechRecognitionPlugin --variable MICROPHONE_USAGE_DESCRIPTION="your usage message"`

If the variable is not provided it will use an empty message.


Usage:
=====

First of all you have to init the plugin and provide an API key, register on iSpeech web to get one https://www.ispeech.org/developers
You can use the demo key "developerdemokeydeveloperdemokey", but it adds an undesired locution

var key = "developerdemokeydeveloperdemokey";
window.iSpeech.init(key);


Text to Speech:

window.iSpeech.speak(speakPluginResultHandler,nativePluginErrorHandler,"some text");


Speech Recognition:

Right now it only recognize up to 10 seconds and only return a value with a confidence greater than 0.3, this values can't be configured from javascript, you should edit iSpeech.m source code to change it. The same for the locale used to recognize.

window.iSpeech.recognize(recognizePluginResultHandler,nativePluginErrorHandler);

If everything was ok you will get the recognized string on the recognizePluginResultHandler


There is a full working project example on the repository
